hey guys if Elise and I just got back
from Hawaii so I'm like fish alee back
at work and I'm really excited because
the weather in Hawaii is very hot or
humid if your make it stays drop your
hawaii trip then you know it's good
stuff so i went snorkeling I like I did
a lot of high key and I'm so tired and
then I would go down the hill it away my
makeup looks really good so today I
wanted to share my ultimate makeup
routine now while i was there i bought
some kat von d stuffs i'm going to try
that out here back in California but I'm
not really sure yet so we'll see but I
want to show you what worked for me when
I was in Hawaii the very first thing is
the moisturize and I'm really excited
because I just learned that they are
doing a free trial sample give away and
it's look luxe it then I first met them
and was officially introduced to this
brand a couple years ago when i went to
New York like I've heard about it I had
their hand lotion but I've never
actually understood and really like got
to see the beauty behind the brand so I
was really excited about going on this
trip so fast forward I am using this is
the crème de vine by L'Occitane I like
saying that hopefully i pronounced it
correctly okay so this is my face
without anything on it the first thing
is I put on this cream divine and you
only need a little bit a little bit goes
a long way because it's really rich and
it has a scent it's a very luxurious
scent and it goes away after you put
everything on so it doesn't like stick
around all day but i really like it cuz
it's super moisturizing and I've use it
my mom has used it and it's really great
to like create a nice Dewey supple skin
so again check that free trial link
below you get like three milliliters
which is a lot so I recommend clicking
on the link telling your mom to click on
the link because maybe you're younger
and you feel like you don't need such a
heavy moisturizer or like a thicker
moisturizer for winter this is amazing
so tell your mom why your older sisters
tell whoever you think would like a free
sample okay so let's get on with this so
the first thing is you're just going to
take a little bit and you're going to
dab it onto your face now what I did is
that night my hand
you're nice and clean so I like to just
kind of warm up my hands and just press
the moisturizer into the face and you
see my little mirror right here if
you're wondering what I'm looking at and
it's so nice and smooth well love it can
I give that just a little bit to sink in
now depending on your skin and may like
suckin to your skin right away from me
in seven to 10 minutes so next thing is
to put a primer on and I'm using to face
primed and poreless really like this one
it has a nice smooth you didn't need to
use anything after this but I like to
use a lot of products so what Isis I
like to put it on to a foundation brush
this in my current favorite it's the new
makeup forever straight foundation brush
so I just apply it onto the skin now
what I like to do first is kind of
applied to the face how you normally
would with any cream and then you go
back in and you Pat it down into the
areas where it needs a little bit more
work ok the next thing is you can either
put your concealer on now or you can put
it on later some people like to do the
whole concealer firstly use less
foundation I am having a good week so
I'm going to do my foundation first so
the foundation i'm going to be using is
the Mac Studio Fix fluid and it didn't
break me out or anything like that so I
absolutely love it i'm really excited
about it and i'm an NC 25 so i'm just
going to apply this to the five points
of my face with that same brush and I'm
just going to put that all over if you
feel like foundations too cakey what you
can do is just take a wet beauty blender
or wet facial sponge and then just apply
it to your face with the finish on it
and what I'll do it will dilute the
foundation so it gives you that coverage
but it doesn't give you that cakey Giggy
feeling I absolutely love the cakey
feeling and cuz i don't want makeup a
lot so when I do I'm like oh has to be
so pretty so anyway my next favorite
thing is the mac studio fix and I am an
NC 25 hopefully I'm still in NC 25 I
didn't really stay too much in the Sun
when I was in Hawaii like this part of
my face so hopefully it's the same color
now the next thing is I apply this
before my blush or anything like because
I don't want the streaky feeling and I
don't really want the cream blush look
so I'm gonna ply this before i do my
blush now i'm using them
get forever professional straight and
wavy oh it's amazing and I just take it
and I Pat it to the face just like this
you want to make sure that the powder is
actually sticking to your face it's not
going all over the place like out in the
air so that's why you want to do it in
little concentrated Pat's like this or
the Rolling method depending on the
brush this brush is amazing because it
goes like this which means all of this
will pick up any product so i use this
brush all week long and i absolutely
love the way it makes my makeup look on
my face so for those of you guys who
need concealer i actually did need
concealer this week i was using this Wow
than why it's the LA girl Pro concealer
and it comes with a bunch of different
colors all do a review on that but I was
using the creamy beige let me see if I
can apply this I really can't excite or
you get the powder but just so you guys
can see it's really really really really
covers so I had this little blemish here
it's this red mark that I've had since I
was little so you just apply just a
little bit and it really truly conceals
it without having to layer which is why
I really like it so hopefully I can see
that so this is another product that I
used while I was away and sometimes
super duper excited about is this one
this is a laura mercier called
spellbound and if you guys can get it I
highly recommend it it's so pretty so
what I did was I just take the same
makeup forever brush I didn't really
pack a lot of makeup brushes along the
way and I just pop this right here onto
the skin and it makes it so luminous I
don't look like super oily I just look
luminous look I don't even need like
blush or contouring powder or anything
like that it just hugs your cheekbones
oh so pretty haha it's a pretty now that
I put this on so this is like another
product I thought amazing this is the
laura mercier spellbound and then
finally to get everything all seals i
use this one right here this is the
skin a navy and make up finishing spray
actually refill this bottle over and
over again so it could be like any one
of their sprites but I really like it
and it's all that and I just look all
fresh and ready for the day so I'm
really excited to share with you guys
this like not moving anywhere makeup
look I highly recommend they guys check
out the link below I should check it out
for free sample of that moisturizer
because it's so good it's the cream
divine you'll get other samples to it's
really easy and it's fruit so it's like
I would tell all my friends and
something about four examples cuz you
guys asked about examples and things
like that this is a good sample so click
on the link below if you guys tried it
let me know what you think and then let
me know what you think of any other
products that I've already tried I'm
Lisa thank you so much for watching I'm
going to that left-handed tag video the
next time I do a video and oh my gosh
I'm really really excited about this
this is my latest design this is
something I did myself i created the
makeup artist this is a necklace also a
pin is a two-in-one so you guys can pick
this up off of my website but it's also
at shot by lat Voss calm if you guys
want to order glitter or anything like
that and I believe they're doing like a
special shipping code if you purchase
this below I'm like to thank you so much
for watching again don't forget about
the free samples below a list of
products below and I will see you guys
later bye